1. String Reverse a String  
2. String Check whether a String is Palindrome or not  
3. String Find Duplicate characters in a string  
4. String Why strings are immutable in Java?  
5. String Write a Code to check whether one string is a rotation of another  
6. String Write a Program to check whether a string is a valid shuffle of two strings or not  
7. String Count and Say problem  
8. String Write a program to find the longest Palindrome in a string. [Longest palindromic Substring]  
9. String Find Longest Recurring Subsequence in String  
10. String Print all Subsequences of a string.  
11. String Print all the permutations of the given string  
12. String Split the Binary string into two substring with equal 0’s and 1’s  
13. String Word Wrap Problem [VERY IMP].  
14. String EDIT Distance [Very Imp]  
15. String Find next greater number with same set of digits. [Very Very IMP]  
16. String Balanced Parenthesis problem. [Imp]  
17. String Word break Problem [Very Imp]  
18. String Rabin Karp Algo  
19. String KMP Algo  
20. String Convert a Sentence into its equivalent mobile numeric keypad sequence.  
21. String Minimum number of bracket reversals needed to make an expression balanced.  
22. String Count All Palindromic Subsequence in a given String.  
23. String Count of number of given string in 2D character array  
24. String Search a Word in a 2D Grid of characters.  
25. String Boyer Moore Algorithm for Pattern Searching.  
26. String Converting Roman Numerals to Decimal  
27. String Longest Common Prefix  
28. String Number of flips to make binary string alternate  
29. String Find the first repeated word in string.  
30. String Minimum number of swaps for bracket balancing.  
31. String Find the longest common subsequence between two strings.  
32. String Program to generate all possible valid IP addresses from given string.  
33. String Write a program to find the smallest window that contains all characters of string itself.  
34. String Rearrange characters in a string such that no two adjacent are same  
35. String Minimum characters to be added at front to make string palindrome  
36. String Given a sequence of words, print all anagrams together  
37. String Find the smallest window in a string containing all characters of another string  
38. String Recursively remove all adjacent duplicates  
39. String String matching where one string contains wildcard characters  
40. String Function to find Number of customers who could not get a computer  
41. String Transform One String to Another using Minimum Number of Given Operation  
42. String Check if two given strings are isomorphic to each other  
43. String Recursively print all sentences that can be formed from list of word lists  